README.md, before:

# QA Challenge

Project for QA challenge 

Libs and Tools:

- Any browser automation tool (Selenium / Playwright / Cypress)
- Any API automation tool (RestAssured / Playwright / Cypress)
- Reporting Tool

## 🎯 UI Automation Test

Open [website](https://www.pokemon.com/us/) and create a test script for the following:

Scenario 1 - Navigate to the Pokedex and create an account </br>
Scenario 2 - Create a new scenario that you wish to add </br> 

## 🎯 API Automation Test 

Using [this Pokemon API](https://pokeapi.co/), create tests for the following scenarios:

Task 1 - Create a scenario and check the status code </br>
Task 2 - Create a scenario and check data results</br>
Task 3 - Create a new scenario that you wish to add </br>


## :rotating_light: What should the project consist of? 

- The project should be configurable to CI/CD </br>
- In the final run of all tests, a collective summary of results on a Reporting Dashboard </br>


## :rotating_light: Steps for QA

The candidate will need to:
1. Fork the project </br>
2. Commit their updates to their fork </br>
3. Send a PR for this repository (including .yml file) </br>
4. Include a link to Public Reporting Tool

Commit message:

MIGUEL-0001: my test for Luxury Presence - add report notes in README
MIGUEL-0001: my test for Luxury Presence - add report notes in README

README.md, after:

# QA Challenge

Project for QA challenge

Notes:

- Githubactions shares the report of the test run in Summary, just download and open the html file4
![Alt text](image-1.png)
![Alt text](image.png)

Libs and Tools:

- Any browser automation tool (Selenium / Playwright / Cypress)
- Any API automation tool (RestAssured / Playwright / Cypress)
- Reporting Tool

## 🎯 UI Automation Test

Open [website](https://www.pokemon.com/us/) and create a test script for the following:

Scenario 1 - Navigate to the Pokedex and create an account </br>
Scenario 2 - Create a new scenario that you wish to add </br> 

## 🎯 API Automation Test 

Using [this Pokemon API](https://pokeapi.co/), create tests for the following scenarios:

Task 1 - Create a scenario and check the status code </br>
Task 2 - Create a scenario and check data results</br>
Task 3 - Create a new scenario that you wish to add </br>


## :rotating_light: What should the project consist of? 

- The project should be configurable to CI/CD </br>
- In the final run of all tests, a collective summary of results on a Reporting Dashboard </br>


## :rotating_light: Steps for QA

The candidate will need to:
1. Fork the project </br>
2. Commit their updates to their fork </br>
3. Send a PR for this repository (including .yml file) </br>
4. Include a link to Public Reporting Tool
